Mohamed Ibrahim
CISC 3160
Professor Chuang
05 May 2021

Reflection Lab 5

For this assignment we were tasked with finding some old code we had written and revising it. The code I chose to revise was an old
PhonebookEntry class. This class contained a multitude of methods from equals to call as well as methods like read. These methods all had 
a specific purpose. Fortunatly enough for me, I was able to figure out what those purposes were because on this project i had 
written no comments whatsoever. Commenting on your work is so important as I've realized over the years. I truly learned the advantage of
commenting when i began my internship in late 2019. I had begun an internship where my main focus was writting and maintaining VBA macros
but the language was very new to me. Luckily for me, the previous intern had written many macros and left them for me. Using his comments,
i was able to figure out what every method did even though i was not familiar with the language or syntax of VBA at the time. When i looked at
this project it was immediately clear what some of the methods were but methods like "call" were a little less obvious. I assumed that 
some phone numbers were structured differently but this is too big a risk when working with old code. A comment wouldve made it much 
more clear for the next person working on the code as to why it was even included. One thing i did like about my old code was that i made
the modification for the program while reading to understand that phonebook entries will be read in alphabetically so there is no need to check
the entire book before allowing the entry to pass. The loop simply alerted the user that a duplicate name was present if two names were 
the same but had different phone numbers. Another thing that was good was the use of a method to read in an entry rather than a method that 
read in the entire file. This allowed the user to incorporate the read into the loop so multiple instances can be compared against each other.
I was glad this code was written in java. This was the language we used mainly for the first two years of programming courses at 
Brooklyn College and it was what i was, and still am, most familiar with. it works quick and has a multitude of pre-existing
methods that allow for easy implementation. I do wish however that i had kept better records of my planning stages back then. 
Over the last few semesters, professors have insisted that we keep planning documents with either pseudo code or anything to show our 
train of thought when we did these projects and that would've been incredibly helpful this time around. Overall, i do not believe
i did a bad job at all when i wrote this code originally. The code was structured nicely and had methods for each specific task which
eliminates clutter throughout the programming. If i had to solve it again, i believe my approach would be pretty similar but i would
be much more focused on commenting this time around and keeping records of my thought process when writting out the program.
